Just someone who seduces others
To climb up
If she hadn’t
Clung to Young Master Qín
What right would she have
To stand before you discussing cooperation?
Someone who climbs up with her body
A piece of trash
I think
We should strip her naked
Throw her out of the company
And blacklist her from the industry
That’ll feel satisfying
Exactly
I’ll give you one more chance
Kneel down and apologize to me now
Then serve me for one night
If I’m pleased
The cooperation
Can still be considered
Otherwise
I’ll make sure you can’t hold your head up
In this industry
Want to blacklist me?
Let’s see if you
Have that ability
Dì Háo Group
May be the largest fashion company in the country
But Qín Shì
Isn’t weak in Dōng Hǎi either
Vice President Wáng
Think carefully
The price of opposing Qín Shì
Is a price you’ll have to pay
You, a woman who climbed up by selling her body
Really think you’re somebody?
Right?
Exactly
Some people
Never realize
Their place
Secretary Sū
Why are you here?